hey guys so today i wanted to a makeup
review on hard candies nobody's perfect
concealer palette and it comes in green
yellow pink to skin tones and a darker
kind of bronzy skin tone and it comes
with a little applicator brush so you
can just apply and basically I think
this palette is pretty good it's not
great but um what I really like about
this palette is that um the it helps
great with discoloration except with the
green I'd say the green doesn't work as
great for discoloration but everything
else is pretty good and the only flaw I
would say is that it doesn't work great
with blemishes or not so perfect skin
like rough skin or we have big pores and
the reason I say that is because the
consistency of the palette is really
creamy and it doesn't and it's so creamy
that you put it on and you know how
blemishes are usually oily then if you
kind of if you put it on it's like it
wipes off really easily and it um it
just doesn't it won't stay under your
foundation so that that's the only
negative I would say and as for the
actual each one I'd say the green is the
only one I'm actually kind of
disappointed in because green is
supposed to hide redness because like
they're on the opposite of the color
wheel so they cancel each other out but
um based off that theory this this is
the green concealer it's not that green
and because it's not that green it won't
it won't cover the redness that well so
it looks almost white if you ask me so
that that doesn't really make sense to
me so it doesn't really do that well vag
all the green it does a little bit but
not enough that i need personally or i
would like so
how's it odd to say about the green and
then as for the yellow the yellow is
supposed to hide under eye circles and
darkness whatever well um I find that
works great the yellow is my favorite of
his palette and I had really bad under
eye circles and they're not so bad right
now like but I'm wearing it right now
and it looks it doesn't it doesn't look
like i have really bad circles so it
works pretty good like my normal
pantsuit concealer can't do that so I
think that's great and for the pink um
that's supposed to highlight your you
know cheekbones and brow bone and I find
that it works well for a base I wouldn't
use it alone but if you if you use it
and then put your highlight over it i
think it'll really make it your
cheekbones and the high points in your
face really pop and um it would make it
more long-lasting so I like that and as
for the three um color skin tones um I
find that they work great like you just
have to base it on whatever your
personal skin tone is and kind of apply
except for a bronze e'er one I would use
that as a base for your powder or cream
bronzer like here and like in your
temples and jawline I think that would
work great um and yeah so that's what I
have to say about concealer palette
pretty good so yeah I hope you enjoyed
this video comment or rate or subscribe
yeah tell me um any requests anything um
yeah if you guys want to see reviews
tutorials anything just ask me in the
comments okay
you